they show a sponsored by expressvpn stop
putting your online data at risk get
protected at expressvpn comm / funhouse
[Music]
bad
hey man it is beautiful up here
you know tell me about it it's just nice
to get away from all those video games
you know yeah I totally agree right yeah
two men trapped in the Internet
forced to play custom maps from various
video games with their friends their
only chance for survival is to beat the
game
this is co-op adventures hey everybody
we're going back into csgo we always
have a new fantastic guest on i'm very
super genuinely super excited for our
guest this week Sean Poole it's me Sean
it's a log it has been genuinely so long
years but years
[Applause]
spoole small I don't want to freak you
out but look behind you alright you guys
ready
I don't know okay silence you're sorry
ah oh god I blind
Sooey oh that name got cut off for me Oh
Oh my calves Rosana karcsi a little [__]
Rollo was as prologue oh okay
hey guys F for flashlights oh yeah I
mean mine just came out of it oh yeah I
guess why are our hands what are our
hands prepared for are we gonna wrestle
Idaho were to DJ and missed each other
cuz a weird house look at moon Oh Nellie
blood I know my one rule of horror games
has always closed the door behind me say
smart things some are I love I found a
knife oh oh cool well there it is got it
foot knife main attack now we can defend
ourselves against rules alright take
that box the front door first you say
hello I need a guy need to call the
police are we got into a car accident
guys I don't want to scare anyone but
there's a lot of blood going into the
building we don't know if that's blood
or if they were planning on painting
this red eventually red stain yeah yeah
but let's pretend we couldn't get
through the front during ago I wonder
which way oh the basement all right guys
you played too many video games it's the
problem
oh that genuinely freaks me out let's
just go down this thing in the whole
thing collapse just not supposed to be
scary like this it's all about gambling
isn't it where's the loot crate's yeah I
was gonna say is this a bi-phase bye-bye
oh yeah I'm supposed to be tricking kids
into going to my website right oh damn
it Adam fell down more stairs over gets
food yeah he gets real stucked over here
yeah it's okay it's the only way to go
okay but you keep going first Etta
what is that is that a guy Oh Oh God Oh
looks pretty dead yeah but he was
sitting up dead now he moved dead well
this door opens now and now we have a
gun and we can shred ghosts oh okay I
think we need to push this I think we
need to push this box hold on push the
box well to complete the stairs I holy
cow puzzles puzzles I would anyone play
regular csgo and plant like this yeah
crap crap oh there's a crack okay please
see Scoob it goes me hey guys no way oh
I hit twice then you get it once and it
breaks there's a body there there's a
body he looks he's wrong that was there
that's that's that's
it got me watch ad guys just game it
bought Chad can we bring you back maybe
if we get to a checkpoint okay well it's
getting my hope they freaking crazy now
so getting seizure II in it I had the
health pack to what is the point of the
health pack he got me one
why were you so weak god dammit okay
this looks like a safe room this looks
like where James would come back to life
clothes that dry in there if I back it
I'm just flinging my night I know you
swing wildly dammit uh I guess for it
forward we keep moving guys Oh footsteps
footsteps maybe those are my footsteps I
don't know that I come back there's a
ghost I saw a ghost
Jeff's not like oh it's so much health
it's fine it's fine there's the health
there's some health on the floor right
no that's milk that's okay I'm sorry I'm
back oh I'm back too
there's a hole there so oh we got to go
down no guy died the wood breaks
[Music]
at least Oh No I'm closing the store
back we need to go that way don't we
yeah we do but you could switch phone
down I mean that's just I'm just a
little worried that the step there's
gonna be other so I need you to go in
and then I could just tell I don't want
to make any friend
there I'm gonna Hammerman it close the
door behind you okay got make sure did
you kill him put one in his brain
you murdered him oh there's a little
girl yeah I see I see
she's like that girl from back into the
corner uh yeah oh is it yeah it's so
hard there goes my oh okay I got the one
on love guys to your left to your left
oh my god I'm bit Oh
Fareed but can you get if you got your
James you're in for it no
Oh check my checkpoint checkpoint that's
good all right so there's this guy he's
got me before bot tab yeah I don't think
I'll be Zack to it all right I'm ready
to shoot him is it true what's he
waiting on Oh bot tell ya this time oh
that was about thirty okay don't stand
on the wood yeah wood bad yeah keep that
door well all right good luck right
we'll get you back to your fate God yeah
behind you find each other both ways
nice nice take it my clothes clean well
they have a lot of help
yeah
Goom
what is this Oh next new gun Oh
see revolver okay oh she's here
no no she popped up behind us Tolls how
big is this house there's my mirror oh
my god man that's like a grown-up
headcrab well there's that we got I
guess we gonna get split back yeah small
help
oh my god James a shotgun horse
there's a bomb there's nothing crawling
around
that's what happened to me Jim got me Oh
found the key oh so Lily your car the
key
oh that's happenin like that I'm good
give nothing like it you got the key
yeah hide in the closet hiding the
bloody clock yeah safe life this is the
worst idea where are you supposed to go
when they come to the door nope nope
right now they're outside this is this
is perfect a nice job he's doing the
Thriller dance hold on
yeah time you're looking through the
walls yeah Kirsty csgo hitboxes oh
you're going into the Attic I don't know
what my friends back you're fine no get
up there I wonder am I want you guys
back
oh he's pissed oh my gosh God five seven
shots yeah I'm sure that's fine
you know you gay there's definitely a
checkpoint around here so it has to be
oh I saw I saw look yes you flashed nice
[__] down all right
you have four shots back hey I have four
what do we miss so many things happen
let me view find ammo or anything
because I'm stressing out here oh oh
thinking brave soul idol
I don't know worse but are we supposed
to drop down there probably oh my god oh
I see okay my merda there yeah that's
definitely that's bad or push me real
hard that's how I got killed the first
time oh man what a terrible bed that was
the girl flashed okay this looks like
save room you attic
I don't know totally fine and murdered
you are you gonna do what's your plan
here oh nice
see behind the door oh my god oh that
they've been learning oh he's just not
moving he's become one with the door
nice smart there it is okay yes knife
kill easy there Sean takes a memo for
the road you guys can come back this
respawn room yeah
respawn room baby and there's a health
pack there get the basic plastic girl
yeah careful there take a lot of damage
to in here trying to hit the trying to
hit the girl hit the bits of the ground
on the way out straighten up I have the
most help get the big guy first
- at night
oh we got Arianna God
Wow big room for us ou can roll miss out
this is a front door thanks boy boy Oh
father so do you see the radar I don't
see anything on the radar I have a radar
for some reason and I see a lot of X's
and I'm out of ammo nice moves nice
moves together run fly is dead
I guess awesome run for it on the and on
the move I tried to and I got killed
pretty quickly let's try it again
so this Oh let's pour this whole room do
we have everything because I think we
have to we do we got to move yeah
because otherwise we do run out of ammo
and you don't move faster with a knife
so
hi Jamie's going for it good luck a lot
guys
oh you jump over the last Oh behind
[Music]
we were the monsters we knew we creates
that well that's the prologue oh wow
well now I'm in because I think there is
yeah in hat I think half-life 2 has a
nightmare house - sequel as a school
would you want to do nightmare house -
if we could get it going there is no
escape
thank you for playing my map well thank
you Thank You Sean for joining us
where where can people people check out
Twitter at Sean Poole se ANP oo le
awesome thanks man thanks for probably
less yeah a real Northwest gentleman
pacific north pacific american gentile
man
[Music]
[Applause]